for investors & friends - May 2017
Ney,
/ ¥]
It
4 ; Ty
4 q q Q Ry
0 AE
Zi, ny
1 ! wl
/ 2 Q Ww ly 0)
/ ele py
i f kee Ny Ny
by ] ek Igy
/ 1 ZAR dt
A JU bd sete nS id, 4} uty
Welcome to our first newsletter of 2017! It's the 2.05 MNOK loan from Innovation
been awhile since the last one, and a lothas ~~ Narway. Including the development
happened. We promise to keep them coming agreement with Filmlance International, the
every two months hereafter, and permit total new capital is S MNOK, partly tied to
ourselves to make this one rather long. The the successful completion of milestones. All
big news is the beginnings of aur launch fn formalities associated with this process are
the American market, but there are also now finalized.
interesting updates on sales, deVElOPIEnt, (LL ecially Teo
mentors and (of course) the investment
To tht closed a warmly welcome aur new owners to the
Drylab family: Unni Sacobsen, Torstein Jahr,
New capital: The investment roundwas Suzanne Bolstad, Eivind Bergene, Turid Brun,
successful. We raised 2.13 MNOK tomatch ~~ Vigdis Trondsen, Lea Blindheim, Kristine
= Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences - Alesha & Jamie Metzger - Amazon
Bn AWS - Apple- Caitlin Burns, PGA Carlos Melcer - Chimney LA.- Dado Valentic-
_ Dave Stump DIT WIT ERA NYC Facebook - Fancy Film FilmLight - Geo Labelle -
meetings oie. IBM Innovation Norway (NYC) - Innovation Norway (SF) - International
NY-SF cinematographers Guild- NBC Local 871- Netflix Pomfort- Radiant tmages-
LA-LV Screening Room: Signiant - Moods of Norway » Tapad Team DowneyHolmsen, Torstein Hansen, and Jostein accomplished producer based in New York,
Aanensen. We look forward to working with an active member of the Producers Guild of
you! America, and the collaboration has already
. yielded good results, including valuable
Sales: Return customer rate is now 80%, Lo
. a - contacts for our visit in Los Angeles. Oscar-
proving value and willingness ta pay. Film oe N .
v ! winning VFX supervisor Dave Stump joined
Factory Montreal is our first customer fn eonttion
Canada. Lumiere Numeriques have started
using us In France. We also have new New York, St. Louis, San Francisco and
customers in Norway, and high-profileusers Los Angeles: Pontus and Audun did a tour
such as Gareth Unwin, producer of Oscar- of the US in February and March, meeting
winning The King's Speech. Revenue for the users, partners and potential customers. The
first four months is 200 KNOK, compared to trip was very successful, with several high
339 NOK for all of 2016. We arewarking points, including meetings with Netflix, the
on a partnership to safeguard sales in Academy of Mation Picture Arts and
Norway while beginning to focus moreon Sciences, the International
the US. Cinematographers Guild, Local 871 (the
ro scriptsupervisors' union), one of the worlds
= - ri leading DITs, and Apple. See the separate
i ~ ey attachment for a more detailed summary.
3 A | 4 oe 1) “7 | wa Andreas and Audun travelled tothe
7 Pa Ha Lo National Assaciation of Broadcasters
faa re 4 \ .y | convention (NAB) in Las Vegas for three
\&) 7 250.0] hectic days in April. NAB gathers 100,000
¢ = G7) Ho 7] | varticipants from film and TV. It's avery
oe” 7) 7/1 £1. i/ | efficient way of meeting people in the
— fs business, and getting an updated picture of
New team members: We've extended our _ the business landscape. The most exciting
organization with two permanent developers meeting was with PIX System, one of aur
based in £dZ, the film capital of Poland. Twa Mast impartant competitors. It was
highly skilled interns from the University of interesting to note that they regarded the
Oslo's Entrepreneurship Program, will be indie market as bigger than their own.
warking on market research until mid-June Andreas was able to secure us an
(starting in March), preparing for the US invitation ta the DIT-WIT party, with some of
Jaunch. Also, twa computer science students the world's leading DITs in attendance. ttwas
are working as part-time interns during agreat place for informal feedback on Drylab
spring, on machine learning and analysis Viewer. The pattern was the same as for
research, as well as innovative architectures Other users: Initial polite interest turns to
based on the Swift language. We hope our Fal enthusiasm the moment someone is able
interns will consider sticking around! to personally try Drylab Viewer! We also
met with Pomfort and Apple about our on-
New mentor: We are honored to have going collabarations; ARR] and Teradek/
Catlin Burns joining us as a mentor. Shes an